Instructor: Okay, now that we know what WPS is
and how it can be used to recover the password for WPA
and WPA2 networks, let's see how to do that in practice.
So right here I have my Kali machine.
I've already enabled monitor mode
on my wireless adapter on one zero.
Now usually we use Aero Dump NG
to see all the networks around us,
but right now we want to see the networks
that have WPS enabled.
But because like I said
it's just a feature and people can turn this feature off.
So first of all I'm gonna use a tool
called "wash" to display all the networks
around me that have WPS enabled.
So we're gonna do wash--interface
and give it my interface in monitor mode,
which is mon0.
So all we're doing is "wash"
is the name of the tool interface
to give it the interface.
And mon0 is my wireless adapter in monitor mode.
If I hit enter now
you'll see it'll list my network straight away.
Now I pressed CTRL C to cancel this similar to aero dump NG
because it'll keep running unless you cancel it.
And you can see this is my target network.
It's called Test AP.
It's given us the vendor
of the hardware used in this network in this access point.
The Lck tell us whether WPS is locked
or not because sometimes WPS locks
after a number of failed attempts.
So right now this says "no", which means
that we can actually go ahead and try to guess the pin.
It's given us the version of WPS.
It's using version one.
The signal strength is in here
the channel and the BSSID.
Now I explained the meaning of all
of these things before in my aero dump NG lecture
so I'm not gonna talk about them now.
If you forgot the meaning of any of these terms
please go back to the aero dump NG lecture.
Now this network actually uses WPA2.
So just to confirm this to you, if I go here
to my host machine and just try to connect to it,
you'll see that it's telling me
that this uses a WPA2 password.
But like I said, we don't care if it's WPA or WPA2
because we're gonna be exploiting a feature
in these encryptions, which is the WPS feature.
So now that we know our target network uses WPS
there's a good chance that this attack will work against it.
The only reason it might fail is if the target uses PBC
or push button authentication.
Like I said, if the target uses PBC,
then it'll refuse all the pins
unless the button is pressed
on the router and therefore this attack will fail.
The only way to know is to literally
try this attack and see if it works.
So I'm gonna copy the Mac address
of this network or the BSSID.
And the first thing that I'm gonna do
similar to what we did with WEP,
I'm going to associate with the target network
using a fake authentication attack.
So basically I'll be saying I want to communicate with you
please don't ignore me so that when I run the attack
the network will start accepting the pins and not ignore me.
So to associate we're gonna use the exact same command
that we used when we did it with WEP.
So we're gonna use aireplay-ng,
we're going to tell it
I want to run a fake authentication attack.
We're gonna give it the delay.
So this is the time to wait between association attempts.
Previously we set it to zero
and we have to do this manually every now and then.
Right now I'm gonna set it to 30
so that we associate with the target network
every 30 seconds.
Then I'm gonna do -a to give it the Mac address
of my target and -h to give it the MAC address
of my wireless adapter in monitor mode.
And we see that we can get this
by doing ifconfig and copy it from here.
We said it's the first 12 digits
and I'll just replace the minus with the column.
And finally, I'm gonna give it the name
of my wireless adapter in monitor mode, which is mon0.
So I explained this in details before
that's why I did it quickly.
If you don't remember how I did this
please go back to the fake authentication attack lecture.
So the command is ready now, but I'm not gonna execute it.
I'm gonna go down to the bottom terminal and run reaver
which is the program that will brute force the pin
for me and only then I will associate with the target
because otherwise airereplay NG will fail to associate
with my network.
So I'm gonna move to this terminal right here.
I'm gonna clear the screen and we're gonna run reaver
which is the program that's going to brute force the pin.
So it's gonna try every possible pin
until it get the right pin.
Once it has the right pin, it'll use it to
to compute the actual WPA key.
So using reaver is very, very simple.
It's very similar to everything we've been doing so far.
So first of all, we have to type the program name
which is reaver.
Then I'm gonna do --bssid to give it
the Mac address of my target network.
So I'm just gonna paste it.
Then I'm gonna do --channel and give it the channel
of the target network, which is one.
Then we're gonna do --interface
and give it my wireless adapter in
monitor mode, which is mon0.
So a very, very simple command.
We're using reaver.
This is the name of the program
that will do the brute forcing
for us and give us the key.
We're giving it the BSSID, the Mac address of my target.
We're doing --channel to give it the channel.
That's my target is running on and we're doing
-: -interface to give it the name
of my wireless adapter in monitor mode.
I'm also gonna add two more options.
I'm gonna add -vvv
to show us as much information as possible.
This is really helpful.
If it fails or things go wrong
we'll be able to know what's happening
why things are going wrong.
And I'm also gonna do --no-associate
to tell reaver not to associate
with the target network
because we're already manually doing that in here.
So reaver can automatically do this step right here for you
but I've seen that it fails a lot.
Therefore it's actually better to do it ourselves
manually here and then tell reaver not to associate.
So now I'm gonna hit enter to get reaver
to work and I'm gonna go up
to the top terminal and I'm gonna hit "enter"
to associate with the target network.
Telling it please don't ignore us.
So that reaver at the bottom here can brute force the pin
and try every possible pin until we get the correct pin
which we'll use to get the password.
And as you can see, right now, reaver is trying the pin.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, and perfect.
You can see the pin was actually 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 0.
So it's a simple pin.
It actually came with this pin.
So I didn't manually set this pin.
My router came from the factory
with WPS enabled with this pin.
So like I said, this still works,
but again not against all routers.
From that, it was able to discover the WPA key
which is U-A-U-R-W-S-X-R
and the name of the router is Test AP.
So I can literally go ahead and connect with this password
and I'll be able to connect to the network
and see and decrypt all of the packets sent in the air.